README.md, before:

# Juniper
A platform independent 3D physics game engine.

### Dependencies
This project is dependent upon some libraries.
* [CMake](https://cmake.org/download/) command line tools (version 3.17) - Required (linux/mac/windows)
  * NOTE: If you are planning on using Visual Studio 2019, CMake version 3.17 is already installed for the IDE
* GCC - Required (linux/mac), Recommended (windows)
  * On mac with [homebrew](https://brew.sh/) installed, run the command ```brew install gcc``` in terminal
  * On windows this is [MinGW](http://www.mingw.org/), [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sXW2VLrQ3Bs&t=32s) is a helpful video on installation
* [Gnu Make](https://www.gnu.org/software/make/) - Required (linux/mac), Recommended (windows)
  * Should be installed by default on linux/mac
  * [Here](http://gnuwin32.sourceforge.net/packages/make.htm) is helpful page for windows installation

### Setting up and building Juniper/JuniperApp
#### Linux/Mac
1. Clone the Juniper repository to your desired destination on your drive
1. Open terminal or your preferred command line interface
1. cd into the Juniper directory, wherever you cloned it
1. In your command line interface run the command ```./scripts/build-unix.sh```
1. Run the JuniperApp executable in the Juniper directory
#### Windows
##### Using GCC
1. Ensure you have all of the dependencies installed
1. Clone the Juniper repository to your desired destination on your drive
1. Double click the ```build-windows.bat``` file in the scripts folder to run it
1. Run the JuniperApp executable in the Juniper folder
##### Using Visual Studio
1. I'm really not sure how to use the Visual Studio (or other IDEs) with cmake

Commit message:

Windows Visual Studio Setup (#25)
* CMake C++11 support and requirement

* Include chrono library in app.h

* gitignore visual studio folders

* remove old c++11 comments

* Rewrite readme setup documentation

* Revert to cmake 3.14 for older versions of visual studio

* Remove windows build script

* Add configuration types to cmake

* Visual Studio configurations for Debug and Release preprocessor macros

README.md, after:

# Juniper
A platform independent 3D physics game engine.

### Setting up and building Juniper/JuniperApp
#### Linux/Mac
1. Clone the Juniper repository to your desired destination on your drive
1. Open terminal or your preferred command line interface
1. cd into the Juniper directory, wherever you cloned it
1. In your command line interface run the command ```./scripts/setup-unix.sh```
1. In your command line interface run the command ```./scripts/build-unix.sh```
1. Run the JuniperApp executable in the Juniper directory
#### Windows
##### Using Visual Studio
1. Ensure you have the Visual Studio IDE installed
1. Clone the Juniper repository to your desired destination on your drive
1. Open the Juniper folder in file explorer
1. With the Juniper folder opened, right click in the file explorer window and select ```Open in Visual studio```
  * Visual Studio will automatically run CMake to create the build environment and open the Juniper folder in the Solution Explorer
1. Double click the CMakeLists.txt, in the top level Juniper folder, in the Solution Explorer to open it for editing
  * To make this easier for the future, right click on the top level CMakeLists.txt in the Solution Explorer and click ```Set as Startup Item```.
  This will allow you to build the application while the top level CMakeLists.txt isn't opened.
1. Press the ```F5``` key to run the application
